Israel's war on Gaza has witnessed an
onslaught on more than just
people anything that grows food
manufactures goats or creates jobs
appears to be a
Target there's also something else
that's been strangling the strip for
decades the main factor impeding the
recovery of the Palestinian economy is
the Israeli occupation that's a Ramadan
the chairperson of gaza's Chamber of
Commerce he says at least 85% of
businesses have been destroyed his own a
lar Farm in the north employing more
than 200 people wasn't spared what's
ironic is that the only news I got from
my farm is from an Israeli soldier who
uh was eating uh my fruit which I
planted there which is dragon fruit he
was eating it inside the tank and eating
the oranges and taking pictures with my
puppies cat and olive trees this
entrepreneur used to own a company
importing frozen meat fish and
vegetables from Israel and the
pr our losses exceed $2 million because
when our facilities were targeted our
freezers were full of goods we salvaged
whatever we could and had to dispose of
the rest ABD AB looks on at where his
Factory used to stand he has suffered an
estimated $800,000
in
Damages there are only three or four
facilities specializing in school
Furniture in Gaza our facility was one
of them we had up to 25 employees
depending on the season Twisted Metal
and drle some with the business signs
are still up All That
Remains I had 130 employees working for
me now they're homeless like me the
damage is significant and is estimated
at $7 million without compensation I'll
be living on the streets after the war
not only big business is suffering Shad
Al madun ran a POA shop before the
war there's no equipment there's nothing
to sterilize the machines there's no
water even basic necessities for my
trade are
missing gaza's economy is in runed
Israel has targeted and destroyed
industries that employ tens of thousands
of people the economy will take years to
recover but the faster Israel's bombs
stop falling the faster the rebuilding
can start Tark abum Al jazer darl balah
Palestine make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jazer